.TH "xfilter-FTL.conf" "5" "xfilter-FTL.conf" "xfilter-FTL.conf" "June 2018"
.SH "NAME"

xfilter-FTL.conf - FTL's config file
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"

/etc/xfilter/xfilter-FTL.conf will be read by \fBxfilter-FTL(8)\fR on startup.
.br

\fBSOCKET_LISTENING=localonly|all\fR
.br
    Listen only for local socket connections or permit all connections
.br

\fBQUERY_DISPLAY=yes|no\fR
.br
    Display all queries? Set to no to hide query display
.br

\fBAAAA_QUERY_ANALYSIS=yes|no\fR
.br
    Allow FTL to analyze AAAA queries from xfilter.log?
.br

\fBRESOLVE_IPV6=yes|no\fR
.br
    Should FTL try to resolve IPv6 addresses to host names?
.br

\fBRESOLVE_IPV4=yes|no\fR
.br
    Should FTL try to resolve IPv4 addresses to host names?
.br

\fBMAXDBDAYS=365\fR
.br
    How long should queries be stored in the database?
.br
    Setting this to 0 disables the database
.br

\fBDBINTERVAL=1.0\fR
.br
    How often do we store queries in FTL's database [minutes]?
.br

\fBDBFILE=/etc/xfilter/xfilter-FTL.db\fR
.br
    Specify path and filename of FTL's SQLite long-term database.
.br
    Setting this to DBFILE= disables the database altogether
.br

\fBMAXLOGAGE=24.0\fR
.br
    Up to how many hours of queries should be imported from the database and logs?
.br
    Maximum is 744 (31 days)
.br

\fBFTLPORT=4711\fR
.br
    On which port should FTL be listening?
.br

\fBPRIVACYLEVEL=0|1|2|3\fR
.br
    Which privacy level is used?
.br
    0 - show everything
.br
    1 - hide domains
.br
    2 - hide domains and clients
.br
    3 - paranoia mode (hide everything)
.br

\fBIGNORE_LOCALHOST=no|yes\fR
.br
    Should FTL ignore queries coming from the local machine?
.br

\fBBLOCKINGMODE=IP|IP-AAAA-NODATA|NXDOMAIN|NULL\fR
.br
    How should FTL reply to blocked queries?
.br

For each setting, the option shown first is the default.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"

\fBxfilter\fR(8), \fBxfilter-FTL\fR(8)
.br
.SH "COLOPHON"

X-filter : The Faster-Than-Light (FTL) Engine is a lightweight, purpose-built daemon used to provide statistics needed for the X-filter Web Interface, and its API can be easily integrated into your own projects. Although it is an optional component of the X-filter ecosystem, it will be installed by default to provide statistics. As the name implies, FTL does its work \fIvery quickly\fR!
.br

Get sucked into the latest news and community activity by entering X-filter's orbit. Information about X-filter, and the latest version of the software can be found at https://x-filter.net
.br
